                                   Battle of neighborhood-Bangalore
Introduction:
    Bangalore is one of the metropoilitan cities in India and the capital of Karnataka state. Bangalore is third most populated city in India.  So many multinational companies are having their offices in Bangalore. Especially major Information technology companies have presencein Bangalore, often called as Silicon valley of India or IT capital of India. In one of the article published in 2018 mentioned that bangalore has one of the most highly educated workforces in the world. Bangalore also home to many educational and research institutions, such as Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Indian Institute of Management (Bangalore) (IIMB), International Institute of Information Technology, Bangalore (IIITB), National Institute of Fashion Technology, Bangalore, National Institute of Design, Bangalore (NID R&D Campus), National Law School of India University (NLSIU) and National Institute of Mental Health and Neurosciences (NIMHANS). Numerous state-owned aerospace and defence organisations, such as Bharat Electronics, Hindustan Aeronautics and National Aerospace Laboratories are located in the city. The city also houses the Kannada film industry also called Sandalwood.
    Because of these above distict features of the city many people from other states of India as well as from other countries will come and work in bangalore. From the people who are coming from other place want to explore the neighborhoods of Bangalore for their residance. Also, because of distict culture of people present there provides the opportunity of starting a new business in a locailty.  
    I would like to explore the neighborhoods of Bangalore, India. Also, I am interested in segmenting the neighborhoods into clusters. If someone relocating to Bangalore required to find a suitable place to stay. It will help me in identifying which neighborhoods are good for housing etc. Also  As a new person to Bangalore, it will help in identifying good location. The good location like nearby schools, colleges, hospitals etc.

